so I was going on everybody you should
weigh when he may come over to river TV
excuse me it's michael maloy today 12 TV
April 13 2009 YouTube update Maggie
knows that you should million-man just
want to show y'all what I've been doing
cuz light of you niggas ain't doing shit
but talking about me so let me get you
niggas something to talk about I I just
got a few things I want to show
everybody here we go right here man we
just got the winner I am the winner of
the 2009 Las Vegas Film Festival golden
ace award documentary competition for
cross-country pipit part 3 that's right
I am proud of me anyway let me show
y'all the trophy one time though gonna
make sure y'all get a dose of it y'all
see my pictures on myspace in my website
don't be a hater be a raider you dig
that get it close to the ones on me now
your dick that's all crystal big boy
shoots about 10 pounds oh how much worse
it's big shit I'm gonna give a shout-out
to everybody to make this possible or
assertion for having us for having sir
see my man hole greedy records count you
know i'm jenna and i want to give a
shout out to everybody to the real
niggas when I had to come up with some
creative finance and they got behind me
so you'll not see what you're doing I
want to put some money with you and make
this shit happen Maggie nose hair real
niggas like H brighter shout out to them
Oh i lo click you know you're doing this
thing go pick up his out my mentee banks
that's my man you know me Ben my man
steal my man ain't never did no hey you
know what I mean shout out to a king
tycoon out there the bay J Diggs and ho
Thea's nation out there in the Bay Area
might really appreciate you you're
starting all right so if imma jump on my
shit me i truly appreciate that my man
mitchy slick down in a san diego CJ I
see you nigga my man big time support a
big shout out to my man CJ fuck split up
ronchi and I wanna get started to hustle
hard magnificent beta busting leaning in
the hole sideways clickers too many
y'all niggas the name man you know I got
love for y'all I appreciate y'all
standing by so this trophy don't just
belong to me belong to y'all too also on
give a shout out to my man who I get all
my ISM from well I don't get all minutes
from but I do ask them a lot of game my
main man Pippa can that's my man that's
my big brother that's me that's my man
shot at the pivot kid log on a pubic
hair net
and also want to give a shout out to the
archbishop God magic wand the almighty
most honorable arch Bishop Don magic
Juan church because without him I
probably would even be on this movie if
you to tell me on my first movie he
didn't want to fuck with me do want and
shout out to my main man mr. Simo no I
already did it yes i did shout out again
to searcy you just Kate Circe in case
you ain't get the first shot out here go
shout out again to Cersei can't forget
Cersei and his chicks a nigga Cersei
first I'll shout out to Laura Cersei cuz
if it wasn't for her make it Cersei then
it probably went apoptosis shout out to
the whole Cersei family including Perry
on man I missed you this time nigga but
I got you in the future baby my new name
but i an't shout out to you know rest in
peace to pepsi and the cold tribute that
was on the beginning it's almost at
100,000 views Denise for doing the voice
over work shout out to her to thank you
for all y'all man you know this trophy
is just not mines it's all of us that's
right so when you come to town everybody
get the rub and touch on it man it's all
one hundred percent crystal man you know
I mean and if that ain't enough for my
youtube I want y'all to get a dose of
this here man coming out movie on
newsstands on the fifteenth to 17th or
something like that you not let our
punishment grab it anyway once y'all
song sexy cook on them shout out to ice
tea and I me make sure y'all grab that
because your boy is in their full effect
you know crosscountry 123 in the hole
everything else ain't got the mixtape
shot it to my DJ DJ sham and when he
making math about erasing and everybody
else would do some contributions to it
you know what I mean for real so go get
the DVD man I gotta tell y'all from day
one man wanna know how to get one of
these time one of these
these nice little whoops no beer
magazine hey man the best game i can
give you along on a two real four tv.com
go buy all the dvds if you somebody i
did shout out man we like like Jamie
Foxx and we're gonna blame it on alcohol
and i neva been drinking but it's all
love man and i know a lot of times i see
me making all my updates from the car
that's because i stay in motion man and
i suggest you do the same thing i was
just in chicago yesterday with my man i
repeat minister simo so on and so forth
I'll be back as i'm shooting the movie
up in Chicago and I'm over in the East
Coast in New York so look I've been
telling y'all since day one man i'm an
award-winning filmmaker huh got enough
proof now do your cameraman that you'll
be paid 200 hours to film you got one of
these no that's why i charged so much
man i got the skills to pay the bills
man to river tv.com man i'm talking back
I got to go man I got to do and uh
manifest anybody's not forget anybody
cuz you know y'all Cavs be creepy no I
don't think I did Haven eyelet are meant
to real tv.com at playboy haemorrhoid
man ain't unchangeable dwelling backed
out check I almost forgot I want to
thank everybody that buys my DVDs man I
don't care if you bought one copy or if
you bought all seven of my films all the
people to go to my website law gonna get
it or they go to the store and get it
shoutouts to I want to thank pops from
black star that's my main man city hall
records take man uh ice over in harlem
world in Detroit you know so many stores
man but you know those on my man guys
right there man like a ya'll guys a
shout out in the damn magazine where
they could buy a straight from y'all
missile could pick up the smooth and
last but not in the defense goodbye all
the dvds fans my work my fans me cuz i
ain't no rapper no ball player fans my
work I appreciate y'all I really really
really really really do because I could
be selling dope or anything but I really
appreciate it and last but not least man
i want to give a big up to all my haters
yes that's right you nigga the nigga
that's been watching this video waiting
on me to give you a shout out but she
knows you've been wrong you must sit
round just hating on me laying on that
punk-ass couch with that punk ass bitch
talkin crazy about me yeah I want to get
you a shout out to looking its own man
camera person so they could see my ID
I'm so serious yeah I want to give you a
shout out to know it's gonna be out you
ain't got to be a hater forever you can
stop hating me right now today today
could be your last day being a hater
just quit just say you know what I'm
started hating on this dude I'm gonna be
cool right now me I'm gonna be
supportive i'm gonna say man that's a
black man trying to do something I'm
gonna go out and buy a shit imma talk
good somebody say something bad about me
you're gonna defend me today is your
birthday you really reborn you are no
longer a hater